ADDITIONAL NOTES
________________

This repo features some minor changes to the original version.

- It uses cmake for managing the compilation
- Some missing #include were added for being linux-compilable



*********************************************************************
*               DOCUMENTATION FOR MATCH VERSION 2.3.1               *
*                         AND AUTOCOMP 2.3                          *
*             L. E. Lisiecki and P. A. Lisiecki, 2002               *  
*********************************************************************

COPYRIGHT

//   Match 2.3.1  -- aligns data series using dynamic programming
//   Autocomp 2.3  -- creates a composite section from aligned data
//   Copyright (C) 2001-2007  Lorraine E. Lisiecki and Philip A. Lisiecki 
//
//This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
//modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
//as published by the Free Software Foundation; version 2
//of the License.
//
//This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
//but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
//MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
//GNU General Public License for more details.
//
//You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
//along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
//Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA
//02111-1307, USA.
//
//The original authors reserve the right to license this program or
//modified versions of this program under other licenses at our
//discretion.
//
//If you publish results generated by this software please cite
// 
// Lisiecki, L. E., and P. A. Lisiecki, Application of dynamic programming 
// to the correlation of paleoclimate records, Paleoceanography, 17(D4), 1049,
// doi:10.1029/2001PA000733, 2002.
//
//Any questions regarding this license or the operation of this
//software may be directed to Lorraine Lisiecki
//<lisiecki@alumni.brown.edu>.


REFERENCE

If you publish results generated with this software, please include the
following reference:

Lisiecki, L. E., and P. A. Lisiecki, Application of dynamic programming to 
the correlation of paleoclimate records, Paleoceanography, 17(D4), 1049, 
doi:10.1029/2001PA000733, 2002.

CHANGES FOR VERSION 2.3.1

Version 2.3.1 makes the Match GUI compatible with Matlab version 2011
and later.

QUESTIONS AND UPDATES

If you have any questions regarding this software, please direct them
to Lorraine Lisiecki (Lisiecki@alumni.brown.edu). Also send email to
this address if you would like to be notified of any updates to the
software or to report bugs. Updates will be posted on
Lorraine-Lisiecki.com.


METHOD

A copy of the article published in Paleoceanography, which explains
how the Match algorithm works, is included in this directory as a pdf
document (lisiecki02.pdf).

DOWNLOADING AND RUNNING THE SOFTWARE

The match program is written in C++. It requires a command line
interface to run.  It should run on any Unix-style operating system,
in Cygwin under Windows, and on Macs running MacOS 10 and should be
easily portable to any platform with a C++ compiler. The matching
algorithm is fairly memory and computation intensive, especially as
the number of matching intervals increases.

A graphical user interface for the Match program is available and runs
in Matlab version 6. However, the Match program can be operated using
only text files for configuration.

The Match and Autocomp software packages are available for download at
http://lorraine-lisiecki.com.  To extract the source files, run
"gunzip -dc match-2.3.tgz | tar -xvf -".  To generate an executable
version of match type "make" in the Match directory containing
"match.cc" and "Makefile".  The enclosed makefile should allow Match
to be built on any GNU-based compiler platform as well as many others.
You may need to modify the makefile if your compiler is not named
"c++" or requires different command line options.

The following Cygwin components are recommended:
archive: zip,unzip
base: sed,tar,grep,gawk,findutils,bash
devel: autoconf*,binutils,bison,byacc,cvs,cvsutils,gcc,gcc-g++,gdb,make,rcs
interpreters: perl
net: curl,ncftp
system: ping
text: less
utils: bzip2,patch,time

Information about running Match and Autocomp can be found in the
downloaded Docs directory.


